There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
We're all working together; that's the secret.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Willingness to change is a strength, even if it means plunging part of the company into total confusion for a while.
Some people regard private enterprise as a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look on it as a cow they can milk. Not enough people see it as a healthy horse, pulling a sturdy wagon.
A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
The opportunity is often lost by deliberating.
Details create the big picture.
Informed decision-making comes from a long tradition of guessing and then blaming others for inadequate results.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
Markets change, tastes change, so the companies and the individuals who choose to compete in those markets must change.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Never be afraid to sit a while and think.
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
If you have one good idea, people will lend you twenty.
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader.
My son is now an 'entrepreneur.' That's what you're called when you don't have a job.
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
I've never felt like I was in the cookie business. I've always been in a feel good feeling business. My job is to sell joy. My job is to sell happiness. My job is to sell an experience.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
Word of mouth is the best medium of all.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
Anyone who has lost track of time when using a computer knows the propensity to dream, the urge to make dreams come true and the tendency to miss lunch.
So little done, so much to do.
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.
Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
People are definitely a company's greatest asset. It doesn't make any difference whether the product is cars or cosmetics. A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Great companies are built on great products.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
Only silence perfects silence.
If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
The great leaders are like the best conductors - they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
Success or failure in business is caused more by the mental attitude even than by mental capacities.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts.
Corporation: An ingenious device for obtaining profit without individual responsibility.
Business, more than any other occupation, is a continual dealing with the future; it is a continual calculation, an instinctive exercise in foresight.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
More business is lost every year through neglect than through any other cause.
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own.
If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.
There are two kinds of companies, those that work to try to charge more and those that work to charge less. We will be the second.
Ask five economists and you'll get five different answers - six if one went to Harvard.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
I think we are at the dawn of a new era in commercial space exploration.
Business, that's easily defined - it's other people's money.
I buy when other people are selling.
Nothing so conclusively proves a man's ability to lead others as what he does from day to day to lead himself.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.
An advertising agency is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
In modern business it is not the crook who is to be feared most, it is the honest man who doesn't know what he is doing.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
I want to put a ding in the universe.
The work an unknown good man has done is like a vein of water flowing hidden underground, secretly making the ground green.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
No employer today is independent of those about him. He cannot succeed alone, no matter how great his ability or capital. Business today is more than ever a question of cooperation.
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
All lasting business is built on friendship.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
Time is the scarcest resource and unless it is managed nothing else can be managed.
Whenever an individual or a business decides that success has been attained, progress stops.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
Business is a combination of war and sport.
Don't simply retire from something; have something to retire to.
A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
If the head man in a company is not working 12 hours a day, doing things, taking risks, but also standing with his people in the trenches at the most difficult of times, then the company loses something.
I don't create companies for the sake of creating companies, but to get things done.
The face is the mirror of the mind, and eyes without speaking confess the secrets of the heart.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
Business is never so healthy as when, like a chicken, it must do a certain amount of scratching around for what it gets.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
If you listen to your fears, you will die never knowing what a great person you might have been.
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
The consumer isn't a moron; she is your wife.
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
The incestuous relationship between government and big business thrives in the dark.
Intellectual property has the shelf life of a banana.
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such. All leaders whose fitness is questioned are clearly lacking in force.
My father told me, never have partners.
I rate enthusiasm even above professional skill.
In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.
When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.
A cardinal principle of Total Quality escapes too many managers: you cannot continuously improve interdependent systems and processes until you progressively perfect interdependent, interpersonal relationships.
The business of America is business.
Love the moment and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries.
Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality its left.
We need to become good citizens in the global village, instead of competing. What are we competing for - to drive more cars, eat more steaks? That will destroy the world.
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality.
I never trust an executive who tends to pass the buck. Nor would I want to deal with him as a customer or a supplier.
One's mind has a way of making itself up in the background, and it suddenly becomes clear what one means to do.
What we actually learn, from any given set of circumstances, determines whether we become increasingly powerless or more powerful.
If you aren't playing well, the game isn't as much fun. When that happens I tell myself just to go out and play as I did when I was a kid.
It's called a pen. It's like a printer, hooked straight to my brain.
The herd instinct among forecasters makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
Web users ultimately want to get at data quickly and easily. They don't care as much about attractive sites and pretty design.
First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.
Do not trust people. They are capable of greatness.
Remind people that profit is the difference between revenue and expense. This makes you look smart.
A consultant is someone who saves his client almost enough to pay his fee.
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
I get to play golf for a living. What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love.
Cannibals prefer those who have no spines.
No partnership between two independent companies, no matter how well run, can match the speed, effectiveness, responsiveness and efficiency of a solely owned company.
What's the subject of life - to get rich? All of those fellows out there getting rich could be dancing around the real subject of life.
Carpe per diem - seize the check.
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
I was told to avoid the business all together because of the rejection. People would say to me, 'Don't you want to have a normal job and a normal family?' I guess that would be good advice for some people, but I wanted to act.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
What we've gone through in the last several years has caused some people to question 'Can we trust Microsoft?'
Only a monopolist could study a business and ruin it by giving away products.
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully.
Our favorite holding period is forever.
The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government.
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
Like dogs in a wheel, birds in a cage, or squirrels in a chain, ambitious men still climb and climb, with great labor, and incessant anxiety, but never reach the top.
As a small businessperson, you have no greater leverage than the truth.
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent comes naturally to me.
For the merchant, even honesty is a financial speculation.
I don't think it's a good idea to plan to sell a company.
A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.
I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
The buck stops with the guy who signs the checks.
If being the biggest company was a guarantee of success, we'd all be using IBM computers and driving GM cars.
Business is in itself a power.
When did it become a problem to be a small businessman and become successful? The small businessman - like my father, or like me?
Every few seconds it changes - up an eighth, down an eighth - it's like playing a slot machine. I lose $20 million, I gain $20 million.
Family farms and small businesses are the backbone of our communities.
To think that the new economy is over is like somebody in London in 1830 saying the entire industrial revolution is over because some textile manufacturers in Manchester went broke.
Love shall be our token; love be yours and love be mine.
If you have to forecast, forecast often.
Business can be a source of progressive change.
Definition of a Statistician: A man who believes figures don't lie, but admits than under analysis some of them won't stand up either.
A manager doesn't hear the cheers.
We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.
Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.
Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.
Go to your business, pleasure, whilst I go to my pleasure, business.
There was a point in the late '90s where all the graduating M.B.A.'s wanted to start companies in Silicon Valley, and for the most part they were not actually qualified to do it.
If we drive down the cost of transportation in space, we can do great things.
People will buy anything that is 'one to a customer.'
Our new attitude is how can we put you in front of our customer.
Government in the U.S. today is a senior partner in every business in the country.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.
Profit is not the legitimate purpose of business. The legitimate purpose of business is to provide a product or service that people need and do it so well that it's profitable.
A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all.
Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion.
Mickey Mouse popped out of my mind onto a drawing pad 20 years ago on a train ride from Manhattan to Hollywood at a time when business fortunes of my brother Roy and myself were at lowest ebb and disaster seemed right around the corner.
The known is finite, the unknown infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to reclaim a little more land, to add something to the extent and the solidity of our possessions.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
You can have a wrestling idea, but you need to have these momentum-shifting moves. We had the Hulkamania movement, then it shifted to the beer-drinking, Stone Cold era, we reinvented the business with growing the black beard and becoming the bad guy, what's that next level.
Discourage litigation. Persuade your neighbors to compromise whenever you can. As a peacemaker the lawyer has superior opportunity of being a good man. There will still be business enough.
High expectations are the key to everything.
The keystone of successful business is cooperation. Friction retards progress.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
I'm convinced that there's a new way to define capitalism, and that the definition should include three ingredients - that we love our work, that we are building a traditionally successful business, and that we are having some positive impact in the world, whether it's local or global.
In fourth grade, I learned that reading was serious business, not just a pleasant way to pass the time, and that like medicine or engineering, it had a definite, valuable purpose: to foster 'comprehension.'
Secure our borders first. Let us know and let us make sure the American people know that we're taking care of the important business of dealing with the illegal immigration into this country. You cannot begin to address the concerns of the people who are already here unless and until you have made certain that no more are coming in behind them.
A lot of people, including business leaders, think the future belongs to China. Globalization is not a zero-sum game, but we need to hone our skills to stay in play.
There's no business like show business, but there are several businesses like accounting.
The golden rule for every business man is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'
You know, when I sit in meetings and things are very tense and people take things extremely seriously and they invest a lot of their ego, I sometimes think to myself, 'Come on, you know, there's life and there's death and there is love.' And all of that ego business is nonsense compared to that.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
For me, the winning strategy in any start-up business is, 'Think big but start small.'
One of biggest lies in politics is the lie that Republicans are the party of big business. Big business does great with big government. Big business is very happy to climb in bed with big government. Republicans are and should be the party of small business and of entrepreneurs.
Commitment, belief and positive attitude are all important if you're going to be a success, whether you're in sports, in business or, as in my case, anthropology.
When someone takes their existing business and tries to transform it into something else - they fail. In technology that is often the case. Look at Kodak: it was the dominant imaging company in the world. They did fabulously during the great depression, but then wiped out the shareholders because of technological change.
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
Perhaps the greatest utopia would be if we could all realize that no utopia is possible; no place to run, no place to hide, just take care of business here and now.
The same products, services or technologies can fail or succeed depending on the business model you choose. Exploring the possibilities is critical to finding a successful business model. Settling on first ideas risks the possibility of missing potential that can only be discovered by prototyping and testing different alternatives.
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other.
I may be kindly, I am ordinarily gentle, but in my line of business I am obliged to will terribly what I will at all.
I've been here 21 years, and I literally did walk up and down Music Row trying to break into the business. I felt very free to go into any publishing company.
To succeed in business it is necessary to make others see things as you see them.
The biggest hurdle is rejection. Any business you start, be ready for it. The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is the successful people do all the things the unsuccessful people don't want to do. When 10 doors are slammed in your face, go to door number 11 enthusiastically, with a smile on your face.
Some people work hard in this business and become really popular, really big stars but they never receive an award from within the business. Somehow, when your colleagues and friends believe in you to the point of handing you an award it means so much more.
Many people you think are individual achievers in fact have either a strong spousal partner over many years or a business partner who's either in the background, not given enough publicity or less egocentric.
Books are so cheap and easy to get that people don't bother stealing them, which is the essential rule of piracy that the music business learned much too late.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
What men have called friendship is only a social arrangement, a mutual adjustment of interests, an interchange of services given and received; it is, in sum, simply a business from which those involved propose to derive a steady profit for their own self-love.
If you're a person who says yes most of the time, you'll find yourself in the hotel business and the restaurant business.
I commonly went ashore every day, either upon business, or to recreate myself in the fields, which were very pleasant, and the more for a shower of rain now and then, that ushers in the wet season.
Our nation stands at the crossroads of liberty. Crushing national debt, rampant illegal immigration, insane business regulations and staggering national unemployment are pushing our nation into unchartered territory.
I just wanted to be a businessman, and to me, the best way to understand business was to be an accountant.
I had been asking the universe and God to send me a way for me to help me. Show business has been so wonderful to me, and it came in the form of that. It's just so funny how things come into your life, and if you take a chance on them, it might give you a brand new life.
Nothing was planned in my career. I just went with the flow and took everything that came to me. Selling potato chips was obvious, as it was a family business. When friends suggested I should try theatre, I gave it a shot. Then I did a lot of advertisements, and then movies happened.
I'm aware of my audience in a way, and I do try to engage with them while I'm trying to go about my business of thinking. I believe they help me by providing a focus.
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.
My view is that you still, in order to win from the Labour perspective, have to have a strong alliance with business as well as the unions. You have got to be very much in the centre ground on things like public sector reform.
We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
I am interested in a lot of things - not just show business and my passion for animals. I try to keep current in what's going on in the world. I do mental exercises. I don't have any trouble memorizing lines because of the crossword puzzles I do every day to keep my mind a little limber. I don't sit and vegetate.
Confidence is everything in this business.
Throughout my years in business, I discovered something. I would always ask why you do things. The answers that I would invariably get are: 'Oh, that's just the way things are done around here.' Nobody knows why they do what they do. Nobody thinks very deeply about things in business.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
For the Puritans, the God-centered life meant making the quest for spiritual and moral holiness the great business of life.
I don't know what is in store for the movie business any better than anybody else does, but it does seem like my kind of movies are a little trickier than it used to be - or maybe a lot trickier.
From being a little girl in the projects, going through all of the mess that I was going through, to ending up at the Inauguration for the first African-American president, I'm speechless right now because I never thought I'd - I never ever - I couldn't even see that far. Even when I ended up in the music business, I couldn't see that.
A guy named Charlie Beacham was my first mentor at Ford. He taught me the importance of the dealers, and he rubbed my nose in the retail business.
You and I and everybody in show business and the entertainment industry fly by the seat of our pants. We don't know quite what is going to happen.
Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.
It's good to stand for something, to believe in something and base your business on values.
When cattle ranchers clear rain forests to raise beef to sell to fast-food chains that make hamburgers to sell to Americans, who have the highest rate of heart disease in the world (and spend the most money per GNP on health care), we can say easily that business is no longer developing the world. We have become its predator.
The institutions of college athletics exist primarily as unreality fueled by deceit. The unreality is that universities should be in the business of providing large spectacles of mass entertainment. The fundamental absurdity of that notion requires the promulgation of the various deceits necessary to carry it out.
Business? It's quite simple; it's other people's money.
I have learned the hard way to mind my business, without judging who people are and what they do. I am more troubled by the lack of space being provided for the truth to unfold. Humans cannot seem to wait for or honor the truth. Instead, we make it up based on who we believe people should or should not be.
The wish for healing has always been half of health.
I try not to get involved in the business of prediction. It's a quick way to look like an idiot.
After you have exhausted what there is in business, politics, conviviality, and so on - have found that none of these finally satisfy, or permanently wear - what remains? Nature remains.
Let us permit nature to have her way. She understands her business better than we do.
Your customers are judging every aspect of every transaction and rating everything, from friendliness of people to ease of doing business to quality of product to service after the sale.
The more I am in a position to be tried in faith with reference to my body, my family, my service for the Lord, my business, etc., the more shall I have opportunity of seeing God's help and deliverance; and every fresh instance, in which He helps and delivers me, will tend towards the increase of my faith.
The movie business is not about the money. Of course, you need money to make the movie. If you have a small budget, adapt yourself. Having $200 million dollars doesn't ensure that you're definitely going to make a good movie. There's so many examples that prove that.
If we get our self-esteem from superficial places, from our popularity, appearance, business success, financial situation, health, any of these, we will be disappointed, because no one can guarantee that we'll have them tomorrow.
A shady business never yields a sunny life.
As a goalkeeper you need to be good at organising the people in front of you and motivating them. You need to see what's going on and react to the threats. Just like a good manager in business.
Speak to Him often of your business, your plans, your troubles, your fears - of everything that concerns you.
Having George W. Bush giving a lecture on business ethics is like having a leper give you a facial, it just doesn't work!
Disbelief in magic can force a poor soul into believing in government and business.
Love, with very young people, is a heartless business. We drink at that age from thirst, or to get drunk; it is only later in life that we occupy ourselves with the individuality of our wine.
Producing suits me because I have a business mind and a business sensibility. I was a street hustler. I did whatever it took. I sold whatever I could sell. I'm a good organiser.
All the things I love is what my business is all about.
Regardless of the business aspect of things, is there a reason that there isn't a female Hitchcock or a female Scorsese or a female Spielberg? I don't know. I think it's a medium that really is built for the male gaze and for a male sensibility.
Now everybody's got a crazy notion of their own. Some like to mix up with a crowd, some like to be alone. It's no one elses' business as far as I can see, but every time that I go out the people stare at me, with me little ukulele in me hand.
I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.
I want to apologize to all of the people I have let down because of my behavior which has reflected badly on my family, friends, co-workers, business associates and others.
My compulsion to always be working has become less strong and my current business is purely down to this enormous alimony. If I wasn't doing this I'd be making documentaries about wildlife and other subjects that interest me.
No man has a right to expect to succeed in life unless he understands his business, and nobody can understand his business thoroughly unless he learns it by personal application and experience.
I considered going into business or becoming a lawyer - not for the money, but for the thrill of problem-solving.
When I hear people debate the ROI of social media? It makes me remember why so many business fail. Most businesses are not playing the marathon. They're playing the sprint. They're not worried about lifetime value and retention. They're worried about short-term goals.
I admire the courage and self-reliance it takes to start your own business and make it succeed.
It's obviously unfair to paint with a broad brush here, but the germ of an idea for a breakthrough in technology doesn't come out of a business school curriculum. It comes out of a laboratory or a math lecture or a physics tutorial.
Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus.
